It's getting to that point where I need to start 
noting arising problems and 
questions I have
that will need to addressed before this website can be complete.

Confer with the client: 

1. Determine what exact colors she wants. 
    The blue is secondary,
    white-ish is the main,
    and I can use a lighter blue as the tertiary/action links, but 
    I think we both would rather use greens as the accents. 
2. I still need her to show me how she wants the articles to look, as they 
    should all have a consistent format. That way I can make a component template 
    that will make integrating new articles as painlessly as possible. 
3. Client still hasn't decided on background image. 
4. I'm adding some green in now mainly for actionable buttons/links/events that can
    easily be changed if she doesn't like it. I think it gives it some flavor. 

5. Maybe I'm using it wrong, but Bootstrap is just as bad as Material UI. 
    If I want a general large container where everything reacts responsively on the
    the inside depending on viewport dimensions, then yeah maybe I'll start with 
    one of the two. It also makes consistent styling throughout the site. However, 
    any sort of edits to those styles and I immediately just create my own class 
    for the element I want to target because it's such a pain looking it up, and 
    it doesn't always even have a solution that doesn't consist of "Property !important" . 
    I honestly feel like I could do a 100% better and quicker job just using CSS and 
    nothing else. I'll try Tailwind in a future upcoming project because I read that 
    it removes repeating CSS, which would be very helpful because at th eend of this project 
    or sometime in the middle I'm going to have to do that manually. Good to learn at least, 
    I should get a hold of someone who uses MUI or Bootstrap and ask them their opinions. 

    Bonus: I added homebrew as a system-wide install, allowing me to 
        brew install tree. This makes it so I can copy and paste my directory's 
        tree structure into chatGPT, or stack overflow posts and receive 
        feedback on my structure and see if there are any glaring issues when 
        deploying, hosting, and/or copiling. 

    Friday March 24th todo:

    1. ✅ Add indication icon on mobile pop-up Listings, Buyers, Sellers
    2. ✅ Mobile pop-up should just say "close" and not "close this tab".
    3. ✅ Articles, About, & Home in Mobile Nav pop-up, when clicked on, should 
        close the pop-up.
    4. Desktop Navigation should have finalized hover effects.
    5. Desktop Navigation media queries readjusted
    6. ✅ Change Banner's phone # from mine to CJs
    7. Add Bootstrap card to About page/separate testimonials from About paragraph 
    8. Add Bootstrap article card as a template. 
    9. Article's page needs added components to be clicked on from that point as well. 
    10. Buyers/Sellers will have the same Boostrap template card as they are 
        also essentially articles, but specific to buyers/sellers.
    11. Decide whether articles will include Buyers and Sellers articles, or 
        whether it will just contain a list of unrelated/non-specific articles. 
    12. Add ALT text to images. 
    13. Ask chatGPT if my HTML is semantically correct for SEO. Look how to 
        optimize SEO. 
    14. I probably need to add a specific "Videos" component. Figure out if  it should 
        be a page with all the videos in Iframes, or if it should be images that when 
        clicked, take the user to Youtube. Either way, they'll be posted on Youtube. 
